full spelling and grammar check/and correction (#71)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/long-john/bom/sourcing_and_print_guide.md

## Kits

> Currently, there are no approved kits available, but fear not - the toolsetter uses easily obtainable parts and you can find a full list of them below!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toolsetter is available as part of the Milo kit from LDO, but may also be available separately - contact your local LDO reseller for details.

Alternatively, the toolsetter uses easily obtainable parts and you can find a full list of them below!
```
